  All of the lessons and exercises this week were extremely interesting to me. The main reason for this is because the past weeks were all focused on the collection and analyzation of data through a number of different methods. While this is important to learn how to do so that one can conduct their best digital history work, if your work cannot be presented fluidly and effectively in a number of different ways, you may run into trouble getting your message across to your audience, connecting to any audience in general, or having this audience understand your points at all. This week also had very nice pacing seeing as we were just asked to share our thoughts on the issues a digital historian might run into when trying to transform their findings into something more digestible for a less tech-oriented audience last week. This unit flowed nicely into teaching us how one might do that in a way that would'nt end up being an intimidating wall of text that the reader may or may not understand.
  There were a couple of really cool things I explored this week, I liked the sonification project by Wood that was suggested, and I also looked at a website provided digital maps of accused witches in the 1600s, as well as another website creating digital visualizations of shards of ceramics from antiquity in the mediterranean, and where they came from. It is hard to compare these projects to the things I worked on seeing as all of these projects were miles ahead of the things I created, but I can see that they were made with the same purpose. That purpose being to transform one's digital history work into something not only more digestible, but more fun to work with as well.
  The way I told my story in the inforgraphic, I simply took the main points from an essay and placed them about in the infrographic in a way that hopefully would not look horrible. The podcast section was a lot easier for me because I am much, much more efficient and effective at creating arguments and presented them orally rather than through the written word. My ideas flowed more freely in the podcast whereas I feel like I was just re-writing the main points of my essay but with pictures and colors in the inforgraphic. I think this is partly because of the format of these projects, as in, different presentation methods are better at presenting different ideas, but it is also effected by preference. I played my podcast to one person, showed them my practice stati website and the infographic. They didn't mind the podcast and said that I spoke reasonably well, there was not much to say about the static website, and they were not fond of the infographic, mostly because it did not look very polished. There was nothing that confused them about the points I made, though, meaning, for me, that some of these methods are an easier way of presenting information or ideas that might otherwise be boring if presented differently.
